Is your data science project structure just a bunch of files in a folder?
Let's fix that in 30 seconds.
First, separate your data from your code.
Use a raw folder for untouched datasets and a process folder for clean datasets.
Here we have our Cordo documents for analysis and creating a report.
Here we also have a shell script, which processes individual reports.
And we wrap it all up in a solid readme that explains what the project actually does.
You can do things like add a models folder, a source folder for reusable functions, requirements.txt
file.
Cookie Cutter Data Science offers a lot of great guidance on structuring your data science
projects.
How do you improve your data science project structure?
Let us know in the comments below.